OBJECTIVES
a) To speed up the hiring of consultants and NGOs.
b) To create a platform to assist in streamlining the management of NGO, consultants and supplier database as well support vendor document management.
c) To build the capacity to implement and support NGO, consultants and supplier records automation.
d) To streamline the submission of NGO, consultants, supplier registration and performance evaluation.
e) To provide a systematic approach in managing the documentation and in tracking/monitoring the progress of NGO, consultants, suppliers registration and performance evaluation.
f) To generate timely and relevant information for use by UNDP.
g) To facilitate timely and quality reporting to internal clients and auditors.
h) To provide a corporate database for managing information related to Consultants, NGO and suppliers.
i) To provide a transparent, robust approach to  management and monitoring of NGOs, suppliers and consultants.


Deliverables:

The VDMS must have among others modules for consultants, NGOs, suppliers of goods and services. It must be user friendly with the following features/capabilities but not limited to:

1. Have full and basic search functionality for the following:

a) Suppliers showing relevant information (e.g. type of organization, nature of business, contact details, product category, date of establishment, etc.).
b) Category and sub category of commodities and services
c) Suppliers for specific commodities and services
d) Performance of suppliers for each category of performance indicator
e) Regulatory documents with different timelines of expiry date (e.g. export & import certificate, VAT, TIN, trade license, etc.)
f) Companies that have been suspended.
g) Option to attach NGO, suppliers and consultants documents i.e CVs, incorporation documents etc.

2. Set reminders on regulatory documents/licences (e.g. export & import certificate, VAT, TIN, trade license, etc.)

3. Show the following tools in the architecture:

a) Performance rating
b) Suppliers, consultants and NGO information
c) Category of products and services
d) General information

4. Separate performance monitoring tools for consultants, commodities and other services

5. Must be web based system.

6. Configure user management and access control tool.

7. Maintenance and adding in new updates for 6 month period after the project completion

Ownership:  The database and any future upgrade shall be the property of UNDP. The developer shall submit to UNDP, all the source codes of the system.